SER 502 Team 17 Individual Contribution

Group members:

Nachiappan Lakshmanan
Nayan Jain
Gurupreetham 
Chandan Yadav

Week 1 (Apr 2 - Apr 9)

Chandan Yadav 
Knowledge acquisition on Compiler Design & Interpreter.
Exploring the best tool & language for lexing and parsing.
Educating myself over a tool - ANTLR.

Nachiappan Lakshmanan:
Assisted teammates in building the grammar, looping constructs(part 4 of the grammar).
Evaluating expression, print statement (part 5), assignment-operator(part 2 )
Understanding lexer design

Nayan Jain:
Setup the Drive and Git for the team
Assisted teammates in the building the grammar (Part 1 of the grammar)
Understanding Compiler Design and Interpreter Building.

Gurupreetam: 
Looked at many different grammars on github.
Worked on DCG for Ternary operators and Tradition if-then-else construct of the language constraints. (Part 3 of language constraints)



Week 2 (Apr 9 - Apr 16)

Chandan Yadav: 
Knowledge Acquisition about ANTLR programming language & creation of environment.
Prepared tokens for the intermediate code generation
Understood the parse tree generated and generated artifacts from the ANTLR environment.

Nachiappan Lakshmanan:
Knowledge acquisition on ANTLR tool and started analysing the baseListener class generated from the ANTLR tool.
Work with Chandan on intermediate code generation in Java.
Prepared a document with all the definite tokens to be chosen for the language.

Nayan Jain:
Knowledge acquisition & discussion with Preetham regarding setting up the runtime environment. 
Designed  the executor program to interpret the intermediate code and output the result.


Gurupreetam Kadiri:
Worked with Nayan with regard to the run time environment. 
Work on designing the run time environment for the language in Java.




Week 3 (Apr 16 - Apr 23)

Chandan Yadav 
Developed the intermediate code for the grammar by overriding the methods in the baseListener class
Refined the grammar for the intermediate code generation.
Defined labels in the grammar to generate suitable intermediate code for the grammar.
       
Nachiappan Lakshmanan
Worked with Chandan on designing the intermediate code for the grammar
Setup Eclipse with ANTLR and got familiar with the artifact generation.
Generated the intermediate code and copied to an output file, so that the runtime environment can be designed appropriately. 
Nayan Jain
Analysed the intermediate code and decided the workflow for different operators.
Developed the runtime environment for the project along with GuruPreetam.


GuruPreetam:
Decided the data structures to be used to handle the intermediate code
Developed the run time environment for the grammar in Java. 





Week 4 (Apr 24 - Apr 28):

Chandan Yadav:
Wrote the test cases for the run time environment to test the language.
Worked on preparing the PPT and the Video.

Nachiappan:
Test the runtime environment of the language with different test cases and test the intermediate code.
Worked on the design document for the project

Nayan:
Worked on the PPT design and helped chandan in making video.
Worked on the cleaning the code 

GuruPreetam:
Worked on making a design document with Nachiappan and contributed in cleaning the code.
End to end testing of the language.


